README.md, before:

# Coding Resources

I'm creating this resource mostly for myself to combine all my learning resources I used for coding in one place. But I think this also could be useful for other people who want to learn coding. Feel free to let me know if I should add other resources. 

❌(DISCLAIMER: I'm not the owner of any of these resources. All the rights of the linked resources go to the respective owners.)

Also note that this will always be work in progress... so don't expect any completed parts here.

### Contents
- [Coding Resources](#coding-resources)
    - [Contents](#contents)
  - [General Resources](#general-resources)
    - [Roadmap.sh](#roadmapsh)
  - [Frontend](#frontend)
    - [Web Development](#web-development)
    - [Frameworks](#frameworks)
      - [React](#react)
  - [Backend](#backend)
  - [Other languages](#other-languages)
    - [C](#c)
  - [Workflows](#workflows)
  - [Git](#git)
    - [Gitflow](#gitflow)
  - [Clean Code etc.](#clean-code-etc)
    - [When is a function too long?](#when-is-a-function-too-long)
  - [Cool tools](#cool-tools)
    - [Generate Github profile Read.me](#generate-github-profile-readme)
    - [Generate repo Read.me](#generate-repo-readme)
    - [Create beautiful code slides](#create-beautiful-code-slides)
  - [Books](#books)
  - [All Links](#all-links)

## General Resources

### Roadmap.sh
[Roadmap.sh](https://roadmap.sh) provides role based and skill based roadmaps for developers. Found that pretty useful for my Front-End learning path but is also very useful for other learning paths.

## Frontend

### Web Development
I learned some HTML, CSS and Javascript in school but [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/) is the resource that leveled up my web development skills. They provide a really easy introduction to web development and I still use this website if I need some help regarding HTML or CSS.
But the point where everything was easier is when I switched out Javascript for Typescript in my Skillset. For Typescript I just used their own [Docs](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) to learn that.

### Frameworks

#### React
I actually wanted to learn react for a long time but my first deep dive into react came with my internship. I had to learn the react basics in a really short time and for that used reacts [Quick Start Guide](https://react.dev/learn) and some random youtube videos :D. I mostly watched some of [these](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLC3y8-rFHvwgg3vaYJgHGnModB54rxOk3) videos.

## Backend

## Other languages

### C
C was the first ever language I learned many years ago. I actually just googled of a book about it back then. So I found the [C HowTo](https://www.c-howto.de/c-programmieren-lernen/) book. It provided a good foundation for my carrer as a developer. It's in german, so I don't know if it's useful for you. But for german speaking people I can recommend it.

Python, C++, Java coming soon

## Workflows

## Git
I actually mostly only use `git add .` , `git commit -m "message"` and `git push` but I also know some other commands like `git pull` or `git checkout`. I really started using it in my internship so I don't really have a learning resource for it. I just googled the commands I needed. 

### Gitflow
Learned and used [Gitflow](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/gitflow-workflow) in my first internship. Never used any other way of working with git. I found it very easy to work with Gitflow.


## Clean Code etc.


### When is a function too long?
A while ago I tended to write functions that were way to long. So a colleague send me [this](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/475675/when-is-a-function-too-long) Stackoverflow topic which helped me alot.

## Cool tools

### Generate Github profile Read.me
A cool tool to generate a Read.me for a github profile. [Link](https://rahuldkjain.github.io/gh-profile-readme-generator/)

### Generate repo Read.me
A usefull tool to generate Read.me files for github repos. [Link](https://readme.so/de)

### Create beautiful code slides
[Snappify](https://snappify.com) lets you create beautiful code slides to present to everyone for free!

## Books

## All Links
- [Gitflow](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/gitflow-workflow)
- [Roadmap.sh](https://roadmap.sh)
- [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/)
- [Typescript Docs](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [C HowTo](https://www.c-howto.de/c-programmieren-lernen/)
- [When is a function too long?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/475675/when-is-a-function-too-long)
- [gh-profile-readme-generator](https://rahuldkjain.github.io/gh-profile-readme-generator/)
- [Readme.so](https://readme.so/de)
- [Snappify](https://snappify.com)

Commit message:

mobile development, c++, python, java, rust

README.md, after:

# Coding Resources

I'm creating this resource mostly for myself to combine all my learning resources I used for coding in one place. But I think this also could be useful for other people who want to learn coding. Feel free to let me know if I should add other resources. 

❌(DISCLAIMER: I'm not the owner of any of these resources. All the rights of the linked resources go to the respective owners.)

Also note that this will always be work in progress... so don't expect any completed parts here.

### Contents
- [Coding Resources](#coding-resources)
    - [Contents](#contents)
  - [General Resources](#general-resources)
    - [Roadmap.sh](#roadmapsh)
  - [Frontend](#frontend)
    - [Web Development](#web-development)
    - [Frameworks](#frameworks)
      - [React](#react)
  - [Backend](#backend)
  - [Mobile Development](#mobile-development)
    - [React Native](#react-native)
  - [Other languages](#other-languages)
    - [C](#c)
    - [C++](#c-1)
    - [Python](#python)
    - [Java](#java)
    - [Rust](#rust)
  - [Workflows](#workflows)
  - [Git](#git)
    - [Gitflow](#gitflow)
  - [Clean Code etc.](#clean-code-etc)
    - [When is a function too long?](#when-is-a-function-too-long)
  - [Cool tools](#cool-tools)
    - [Generate Github profile Read.me](#generate-github-profile-readme)
    - [Generate repo Read.me](#generate-repo-readme)
    - [Create beautiful code slides](#create-beautiful-code-slides)
  - [Books](#books)
  - [All Links](#all-links)

## General Resources

### Roadmap.sh
[Roadmap.sh](https://roadmap.sh) provides role based and skill based roadmaps for developers. Found that pretty useful for my Front-End learning path but is also very useful for other learning paths.

## Frontend

### Web Development
I learned some HTML, CSS and Javascript in school but [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/) is the resource that leveled up my web development skills. They provide a really easy introduction to web development and I still use this website if I need some help regarding HTML or CSS.
But the point where everything was easier is when I switched out Javascript for Typescript in my Skillset. For Typescript I just used their own [Docs](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) to learn that.

### Frameworks

#### React
I actually wanted to learn react for a long time but my first deep dive into react came with my internship. I had to learn the react basics in a really short time and for that used reacts [Quick Start Guide](https://react.dev/learn) and some random youtube videos :D. I mostly watched some of [these](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLC3y8-rFHvwgg3vaYJgHGnModB54rxOk3) videos.

## Backend

## Mobile Development

### React Native
Whenever I have time I am working on a small project to learn React Native. Coming from React it is pretty easy to use. I just used the [React Native Docs](https://reactnative.dev/docs/getting-started) to get started.

## Other languages

### C
C was the first ever language I learned many years ago. I actually just googled of a book about it back then. So I found the [C HowTo](https://www.c-howto.de/c-programmieren-lernen/) book. It provided a good foundation for my carrer as a developer. It's in german, so I don't know if it's useful for you. But for german speaking people I can recommend it.

### C++
After C I thought I should learn C++ because it's the next step. So I just googled a book about it and found [this](https://www.amazon.de/programmieren-lernen-professionell-anwenden-L-C3-B6sungen-dp-344647689X/dp/344647689X/ref=dp_ob_title_bk) book. The chapters I've read were pretty good and I learned a lot from it. But I didn't read the whole book because I switched to Java after that. Note that this book is also in german.

### Python
Python was more like a side project for me. I just wanted to learn it to write some fun small scripts. But Python is a good language things like Math or Machine Learning. This I also learned mostly from [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/python/default.asp). After that I started with little projects and googled everything else I didn't know at that point.

### Java
I had to learn some Java for university. For that I bought a Java [book](https://www.amazon.de/Java-Kompendium-Professionell-programmieren-lernen/dp/3966450534/ref=sr_1_1?__mk_de_DE=ÅMÅŽÕÑ&crid=2YNW57L9MH2AJ&keywords=java+kompendium&qid=1694629231&s=books&sprefix=java+kompendium%2Cstripbooks%2C80&sr=1-1) from Amazon. It was a good book but I didn't read it completely. I just read the chapters I needed for university. But I think it's a good book for beginners.

### Rust
Right now I am learning Rust. I will added some resources here further down the line.

## Workflows

## Git
I actually mostly only use `git add .` , `git commit -m "message"` and `git push` but I also know some other commands like `git pull` or `git checkout`. I really started using it in my internship so I don't really have a learning resource for it. I just googled the commands I needed. 

### Gitflow
Learned and used [Gitflow](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/gitflow-workflow) in my first internship. Never used any other way of working with git. I found it very easy to work with Gitflow.


## Clean Code etc.


### When is a function too long?
A while ago I tended to write functions that were way to long. So a colleague send me [this](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/475675/when-is-a-function-too-long) Stackoverflow topic which helped me alot.

## Cool tools

### Generate Github profile Read.me
A cool tool to generate a Read.me for a github profile. [Link](https://rahuldkjain.github.io/gh-profile-readme-generator/)

### Generate repo Read.me
A usefull tool to generate Read.me files for github repos. [Link](https://readme.so/de)

### Create beautiful code slides
[Snappify](https://snappify.com) lets you create beautiful code slides to present to everyone for free!

## Books
- [C++ programmieren: C++ lernen - professionell anwenden - Lösungen nutzen](https://www.amazon.de/programmieren-lernen-professionell-anwenden-L-C3-B6sungen-dp-344647689X/dp/344647689X/ref=dp_ob_title_bk)
- [Java Kompendium](https://www.amazon.de/Java-Kompendium-Professionell-programmieren-lernen/dp/3966450534/ref=sr_1_1?__mk_de_DE=ÅMÅŽÕÑ&crid=2YNW57L9MH2AJ&keywords=java+kompendium&qid=1694629231&s=books&sprefix=java+kompendium%2Cstripbooks%2C80&sr=1-1)

## All Links
- [Gitflow](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/gitflow-workflow)
- [Roadmap.sh](https://roadmap.sh)
- [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/)
- [W3Schools - Python](https://www.w3schools.com/python/default.asp)
- [Typescript Docs](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [C HowTo](https://www.c-howto.de/c-programmieren-lernen/)
- [When is a function too long?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/475675/when-is-a-function-too-long)
- [gh-profile-readme-generator](https://rahuldkjain.github.io/gh-profile-readme-generator/)
- [Readme.so](https://readme.so/de)
- [Snappify](https://snappify.com)
- [React Quick Start Guide](https://react.dev/learn)
